Clarify Implications of Cargo Yank (#11071)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/man/cargo-yank.md

server's index. This command does not delete any data, and the crate will
still be available for download via the registry's download link.

> However, yanking a release will prevent cargo from selecting that version
> when determining the version of a dependency to use. If there are no longer
> any compatible versions that haven't been yanked, cargo will return an error.
> 
> The only exception to this is crates locked to a specific version by a lockfile,
> these will still be able to download the yanked version to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Best practice is to yank a release *only* when it contains a serious flaw, such as 
a security vulnerability, and when there is a newer semver compatible release 
published. You do not need to yank a version to suggest users of your crate upgrade. 

Cargo will not use a yanked version for any new project or checkout without a 
pre existing lockfile, and will generate an error if there are no longer
any compatible versions for your crate.

For example, the `foo` crate published version `0.22.0` and another crate `bar`
declared a dependency on version `foo = 0.22`. Now `foo` releases a new, but 
not semver compatibile, version `0.23.0`, and finds a critical issue with `0.22.0`.
If `0.22.0` is yanked, no new project or checkout without an existing lockfile will be
able to use crate `bar` as it relies on `0.22`

In this case, the maintainers of `foo` should first publish a semver compatible version
such as `0.22.1` prior to yanking `0.22.0` so that `bar` and all projects that depend 
on `bar` will continue to work
```

Reviewer 2: > Cargo will not use a yanked version for any new project

I think, that the concept of "new" requires clarification. When project is considered as "new"?

Reviewer: Practically speaking, I think "new" means any rust project that does not already have a `Cargo.lock` file. 

I believe the basic guidance is that "libraries" (e.g. stuff published to crates.io that other applications can depend on) should not have a Cargo.lock: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/faq.html#why-do-binaries-have-cargolock-in-version-control-but-not-libraries

Reviewer 3: > such as a security vulnerability

I think accidentally breaking semver compatibility might deserve mention there as well it can wreak havoc in downstream projects.

Reviewer 2: Probably that explanation also should appear when you try to click "Yank" button on crates.io or run `cargo yank`

Author: Updated with a slightly tweaked version of this, PTAL

> For example, consider a crate `bar` with published versions `0.22.0`, `0.22.1`, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As another example, consider a crate `bar` with published versions `0.22.0`, `0.22.1`, 
```

`0.22.2`, `0.23.0` and `0.24.0`. The following table identifies the versions
cargo could use in the absence of a lockfile for different semver constraints,
following a given release being yanked 

| Yanked Version / Semver Constraint | `bar = "0.22.0"`                          | `bar = "=0.22.0"` | `bar = "0.23.0"` |
|------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|-------------------|------------------|

> | `0.22.0`                           | Use either `0.22.1` or `0.22.2`           | **Return Error**  | Use `0.23.0`     |

Reviewer 4: Supposed Cargo chooses max SemVer-compatible version as always if no lockfile present, what "use either" means here?

Author: Cargo doesn't necessarily pick the most recent version, in particular if there are multiple crates with shared dependencies it tries to find a common compatible version. I've not found good documentation of this process, just witnessed it w.r.t the nix crate

Reviewer 4: Thanks for the clarification! I misread this as a crate with only one dependency.

> | `0.22.1`                           | Use either `0.22.0` or `0.22.2`           | Use `0.22.0`      | Use `0.22.0`     |

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't the last column in this row read 

~~~
Use `0.23.0`
~~~

?

inclusion of [PII](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_data), credentials, etc... In the case of security
vulnerabilities, [RustSec](https://rustsec.org/) is typically a less disruptive mechanism to inform users
and encourage them to upgrade, and avoids the possibility of significant downstream disruption irrespective
of susceptibility to the vulnerability in question.

Cargo will not use a yanked version for any new project or checkout without a
pre-existing lockfile, and will generate an error if there are no longer
any compatible versions for your crate.

For example, the `foo` crate published version `0.22.0` and another crate `bar`
declared a dependency on version `foo = 0.22`. Now `foo` releases a new, but
not semver compatible, version `0.23.0`, and finds a critical issue with `0.22.0`.
If `0.22.0` is yanked, no new project or checkout without an existing lockfile will be
able to use crate `bar` as it relies on `0.22`.

In this case, the maintainers of `foo` should first publish a semver compatible version
such as `0.22.1` prior to yanking `0.22.0` so that `bar` and all projects that depend

> on `bar` will continue to work.

Reviewer 4: This paragraph concludes the example really well, thought it feels like somewhat a duplicate of line 49-50. A challenge in documentation is putting the right amount. Could we find a way to merge them and make it more concise? It is not a blocker on merging this PR though.
